Alrighty, so we're almost done.
We have one last test case for deleting a grade.
We're going to test for deleting a grade
when the subject is invalid.
Let's move into our Gradebook Controller test and zoom in
and let's go ahead and start writing this test.
The first thing I want to do here is perform the HTTP request
to that given endpoint.
And one thing to notice here is that we passing in
the parameter for the great type,
and the grade type here is literature.
This is an invalid subject, right?
We only have math, science and history,
so this should give us an error.
I'll simply assert the view name here
and it should return error
because we passed it in an invalid subject.
Alrighty, let's go ahead and run this test
and check the results.
All right, green check marks, our test passed.
This covers the case of trying to a grade
with an invalid subject.
This is awesome.
I'd like to say good job and woohoo!
Sorry, I'm having too much fun here, too excited.